Remove FLOAT SQL datatype (#980)
feldera/feldera: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Removed suppoer for FLOAT SQL data type, since it is ambiguous.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Removed

- Removed support for FLOAT SQL data type, since it is ambiguous.

### Added
```
